Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

(This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best knowledge
at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the beginning to the
end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and some of the ideas we
proposed change. This is part of completing any project and is fine.
However, we still must write a proposal so that our teachers or
supervisors know what we intend to do. Please answer each of the
following questions to the best of your knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    The title of my program is Equipment Wishlist
2. What real world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Instead of having to go to several different websites and services manually 
    to compare the prices of camera equipment and to see which has the best price,
    I will create a program that pulls the prices of camera equipment from the user's wishlist 
    from popular camera gear new and used websites. It will be easier to monitor the prices and get the best deal
    on new camera equipment.
3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will learn how to use a webscraper that pulls prices from sites and how
    to make an interactive GUI that works with csv files to save and access 
    user information
4. What Python modules will your program use? (Some examples are: csv,
datetime, functools, matplotlib, math, pandas, pytest, random, requests,
and tkinter.)
    I will probably be utilizing beautiful soup (a webscraping library) and 
    PySimpleGUI (a GUI library) along with maybe csv to save and access user data
5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    I will separate my program into different functions that perform different functions such as 
    a several funtions to create and make the GUI interactive, several functions to work with user data, and
    functions to pull information from websites.
6. Will you write test functions to test many of your program functions?
    I will write test functions that test the webscraping funtions to ensure they return 
    results in the desired format
(Remember that it's hard to test functions that get user input and print
output. It's easy to test functions that don't get user input and don't
print output but instead have parameters and return a result. Therefore,
you should write most of your program functions to have parameters and
return a result.)
